hey everybody welcome back to nor the
lion pls fighting guys get with Plus we
lost last run I know even a god can
bleed supposedly I'm worried what a
strange introduction bottom left is mega
Satan right so everybody needs mega
Satan who needs the most Laz needs a
[Music]
hush negative mega Satan victory hush
negative mega Satan we could possibly do
hush negative and then try to get mega
Satan to work so GM z j qk and for don't
take the pill yet i almost a bad habit I
was like I should take that pill right
off the bat not true so I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna force the hush completion
if it's not plausible
similarly the best way to get mega Satan
is to not take deals with the devil and
instead take deals with the Angels so
they're kind of like they're softly at
odds with one another softly at odds
with each other
softly it odds with each other slightly
conflicting objectives softly at our
dream oh this is my life
okay well but the thing is like the the
reason is that the deals with the devil
tend to give you damage damage lets you
complete rooms faster completing rooms
faster it gives you a much better chance
to get into the hush fight on time by
the way I love playing Lazarus early
because like the damage we take at the
start of the game usually irrelevant
save those pills for later like the
English beat and just keep yourself
moving here oh yeah but you know we can
definitely here's what I think we should
do go for the guaranteed finish of
winning a run that goes to the lam fight
that'll unlock something at the very
least we've already done delirium with
Lazarus which is a an annoying one to
knockout because it's not quite as
random chance like and say there's
something like a 15% chance for that
portal to show up randomly but along the
same lines as like the different
of mega Satan just because it's probably
a little bit easier to guarantee because
you can you know get the portal 100%
when you go to the hush fight but like
substantially harder to make sure that
you actually have the damage and and
other stats necessary to kill delirium
who is wicked annoying all these big
rooms dude where do they all come from
ah look at all these stinky big rooms to
do to Tootsie Tootsie Tootsie stone of
the kidney lowering speed with a dubious
improvement yes no one would guess
thanks for the trolling classic design
philosophy of Nicolas who could have
guessed all the trolli items this is way
too much singing for early on in an
episode either way get highly dusted rag
man I still think kidney stone it's like
the ultimate betrayal cuz I liked this
item then when I turned on the HUD I
realized it was a speed down and I don't
like it at all anymore cuz it's already
got positives and negatives implicit in
the item itself why did we have to why
did we have to go the extra mile you
know so I think we're gonna try a rule
that's pretty good though you're gonna
try a rare Lazarus gamble and for me at
least it's rare in the gamble is not
killing ourselves on the first floor
instead we're going to wait maybe trying
to kill ourselves on the deal with the
devil we're still like doing fine on
pace I see a tinted rock up there the
other rub about a these freakin mega
Satan attempts is that we shouldn't
stress out about it too too much it's
still early but the other rub about
these is that you have to get the deal
with the devil to get the credit for
skipping it so we can't just I mean I
guess you could kind of cheese it a
little bit if you did that but we can't
just accidentally not get the deal with
the devil
and then avoid punishment for basically
it sets us back one floor no matter what
if we don't get the deal with the devil
so we really gotta try not to get hit
here it might be impossible to get mega
Satan on this run to begin with because
not only the first you need to get a
deal with the devil then you got a
rebuking then you got to say we did
unlock dad's key recently but that's a
little bit more low percentage right
save our bomb for now right we can't get
to it as quickly as we'd like then
you've got to have a bomb ready for that
first angel statue kill the angel statue
which requires having the stats
particularly HP then you have to get a
second angel statue in another deal with
the angel which despite the fact that
you just got to deal with the angel
might never happen so I'm not trying to
make it sound like it's a hard cooling
task but it is like rng dependence so we
want to be want to be as vigilant as
possible to maximize essentially the the
number of tickets we got in that in the
mega Satan lottery this room is pretty
bad but really the fact that we have a
good rate of fire is gonna carry us a
long way and I actually think we're
probably gonna end up being like
marginally behind schedule at least for
like having a guarantee to make it to
the hush fight but all you need is one
like really good damage upgraded to save
the day and you said that could happen
on a boss fight doesn't need to happen
on a deal with the devil
so the other reason that it probably
would have been like there's ripple
effects on this like Lazarus strat right
we would have potentially wanted to have
enacted the Lazarus resurrection on the
last floor because it would give us a
luck upgrade the luck upgrade would give
us a much better chance maybe of getting
a key on this floor and the key of
course would give us access to the item
room who knows what's in the item room
as of right now we don't have that
option so there is kind of like a way to
short-circuit this deal with the Angel
nonsense by the way if we were able to
get duality but I don't think duality is
actually unlocked yet either way we're
doing fine I would almost like to get
the box as an item here HP is also good
anything that gives us HP really is fine
because we want to take enough deals
with the devil to and around lives that
does give us bombs at least but this is
an ideal deal
it's an ally mcbeal I know how we do
this sort of you know I
I got to think about this because two of
these items give us HP here's what I
thought we would do take the pact take I
think the other one is the little
harbingers and then you would leave the
room kill yourself with the bombs which
would require two of them because I
don't think there's any fires on the
monstro fight and then respawn in this
room takes in robes however by we don't
have enough bombs to kill ourselves so
we would have to pick up matchbook but
matchbook would give us HP that would
take us to three we'd use three bombs
kill ourselves respawn in here grab sin
robes I you I didn't know Bono what if
we just not doesn't work either no it's
like what if we grab little harbingers
walk out pick up the matchbook blow
ourselves up three times
take the pact and then take sin ropes
it's exactly the same right we end up
with three spirit hearts either way I'm
gonna I'm gonna do it that way but it's
stupid like I don't I don't necessarily
think this is the right play and also we
might want to just avoided these to
maximize our deal with the devil chances
but I want the damage bonus and I the
hush and negative are the easy is that
oh you get for your money so I'm a moron
I forgot it doesn't resurrect you inside
of the deal with the devil so
effectively I just more or less screwed
myself that's you know it was dumb I
forget Li forgot that as Lazarus you you
see where I was coming from and most of
the time when you die you respawn in
another room and you would use that you
would respawn in the room that you were
last in just you got a key you'd respawn
in the room that you were last in which
would have been the deal with the devil
which would have allowed us to take all
the items now am i saying that what I
did was right
no what I'm saying is that what I did
had a the proper methodology as
characters apart from
but you know with infinity hours in this
game with infinity hours in this game I
shouldn't have done that because that's
just that's a rookie move or at least
like it's a relatively amateur move
at being said now we were in a very
interesting situation because we're
behind schedule our stats kind of stink
cuz I just passed up to DPS upgrades
and our HP sucks our space bar items not
that good but man we got a heck of a
trinket plus we basically cannot get the
deal with the devil or the sorry we
can't get the mega Satan fight unless
you find dad's key so well I've really
northernlion this went up to begin with
but you know what it'll just make it
that much more special when we
inevitably achieve all of our goals
regardless of the fact that I royally
messed it up we're just gonna head down
to the next floor for now and I'm gonna
let that be a learning lesson to myself
you always got a mentally double-check
that you're doing the right thing cuz
that was just what I really munsoned it
yeah let's open it we really just really
good actually
we can't afford to spend too much time
if we want to make sure we're doing that
hush fight but I think I've like I've
passed that dream by I'm gonna rely on
the the strength of the game to carry me
I'm gonna be a dandelion seed friendly
ball did not do much there
okay five cents that's good I doubt we
captured it looked like we stole one of
the nubs out of that leg you know
Larry's senior but I don't know if
that's actually the case we'll find out
on the next room either way it does
contact damage so it's probably gonna
stink pretty badly it's good it's fine
this could pay for itself that would be
X no my donation machine thanks a lot
kidney stone and also my own meager
intellect okay so we get a mild deal
with the devil improvement we could get
some serious friendly ball action going
here yeah okay we did get the head of a
Larry senior stop following me around
and trying to attack me please it makes
me very self-conscious I think I'm not
gonna use friendly ball Dez use it on
one of these chip brownies yeah because
we already lost another one okay you
guys fight each other please really
think friendly ball pretty much comes
down to knowing which enemies to focus
on like if we can get a turret or
something or one of the flies that
spiders that sticks to a wall we're in a
good spot please give me a key before oh
geez
give me a key before our item room
please key lock is zero
we're in potential key town I want that
champion we have captured him
oh that was extremely close to me being
completely idiotic lock up please lock
up look up look up no I I still had the
holy mantle thank God
cuz we kind of need this eternal heart
to survive the Harbinger the ultimate
betrayal Ronan the destroyer why should
I let him blow up the mushroom come come
on okay
this is our moment get out of your
stinky fly I was I was in a mine flooded
world restar we botched that one from
the get-go dude WP z XP mx4
that run was cursed I mean I'm not gonna
say I didn't make any mistakes in fact I
think the whole run was in many ways a
mistake but cursed run dude cursed run
camel undies kaskus a far far far far
far far far far far better stand stand
stand still stand stand still nowhere no
we're not gonna let's March the good
name of David Byrne
so what's the game plan here be smarter
about that first deal with the devil I I
like the commitment to the hush fight
leave that fly alive hey streamer leave
that fly alive we want to do that so we
have a chance to end our own lives get
the damage multiplier bonus and also the
luck upgrade from becoming dark Lazarus
or Darth Lazarus if you prefer and then
we can get that eternal heart and be in
a good spot so if you could give me any
HP upgrade like magic scab would be the
best b+ of all time it would be like a
b-plus si that could win a scholarship
it comes from a place of great personal
you know reverence or something
irrelevance perhaps relevant reverence
Reverend but to get to one luck and then
have three HP upon leaving this floor
would be very good plus we could use the
pill so you might get super lucky and
have four HP or you know it tears
upgrade or we'll see anyway he's dusted
it took us a minute and 41 seconds it's
way better got squeezy it's pretty solid
so I think we'll just leave get this
thing that completely dust us six times
[Music]
there we go so we respawn take the pill
bombs are keep kind of bad but mostly
just irrelevant now don't accidentally
walk into that dude again we're gonna
get spirit hearts anyway so you some of
your newfound bombs to check for maybe
demon heart or something I'm even gonna
gonna go one step further probably
should not do this yeah definitely
should not have done it but I believed
in the moment and that was my that was
my sin so we're gonna have a good rate
of fire
okay damage and pretty solid HP actually
for the next floor we traded one red
heart for two spirit hearts which is
maybe an okay deal to begin with and
then also the the luck and damage
multiplier and permanent and anemia that
comes along with it so as a productive
trade and again the earlier you get
going
the better off you are here it's gonna
save you a lot of time it's gonna save
you a lot of damage
you know not all runs are created equal
a run that gets to you know game-winning
stats on the second floor substantially
better than a run that gets a
game-winning stats just before the end
you might be saying if they both come
out with a win in the end who cares well
true but you know one is easy Street and
one is you know congratulations so
you've been promoted to CEO oh you're
dead now the old CEO can't come to the
phone why not he's dead
all right making great progress actually
I'm like 20 times more confident in this
run right now that's not good enough so
I'm gonna I'm gonna get a little risky
here that's still not good enough I'll
take it if I have to but uh robo-baby
2.0 is pretty much trashed here it's
like one extremely light step out of
trash so I'm actually gonna do some very
uh northern lyonie stuff and for example
shoot these fires to try to get enough
money to create a reroll and so far so
good
it's not greed mode we don't have to be
as attached to money necessarily you
pretty much had to guess that we were
coming up on a boss fight here it's how
most floors tend to end my limited
experience three senses like I'd give
that a two-thirds chance of getting the
reroll here so I think our stats are
good enough that if we got DPS we would
feel comfortable from the boss I mean we
would feel comfortable not taking a deal
with the devil and trying to create this
deal with the Angels situation I can
tell but notice definitely not DPS luck
luck luck no luck but rerolls at least
but we don't have a choices we're still
gonna be able to possibly create a deal
with the Angels situation cuz we got a
spirit heart from our deal with the
devil which is like I'm not the worst
possible outcome we could have just
gotten extra spiders or my favorite
teleportation to the deal with the devil
they are already standing in
now I mean you know what I'm gonna take
it and I don't know if it's gonna work
very well with anemia but you know what
I'm looking at here is the idea that
maybe with camo undies we could be like
the trap layer we could be the stealth
killer because the enemies don't see us
as long as their enemies that walk on
the ground we could just lay like a a
sweet trap at their feet preferably if
we stopped shooting as soon as we
entered the room but we might have like
a semi potent sort of creep generation
here I don't know I don't know if I've
ever consciously taken this and and
tried to suss out whether or not it's a
synergy so like don't shoot and just
walk around these are not the right
enemies to walk around against well
don't you walk around what I don't you
Union is a little ass mildly
lesser-known Franz Ferdinand cut it's
not quite take me out level
but key all right so apparently on the
flooded caves you exclusively fight
enemies who fly which is freakin sweet
dude I'm like really excited about that
stop well I want to spear it hard I want
a lot of things right now many of them
related to DPS I don't know I got to put
this thing out of its misery it's like
you know
Ripley 11 from Alien Resurrection gal
May okay deal with the devil please go
devil please sir okay now but notice
that none of that was a deal with the
devil however we got spirit hearts that
will protect our dad not deal with the
devil sorry I deal with the angel rather
but maybe we don't want to deal with the
Angels we don't have any bombs we also
need damage or at least some form of DPS
because if we don't get it this run is
gonna become pretty impossible to
imagine defeating hush or even like
making it in time I should say
yeah that'll help and and also not help
the damage output is gonna be absurd
unfortunately it's like you know we got
a shotgun we got to be right next to
them to to hit him so what we want is
like this and then arrange neutralizer
like we can get technology even hesitate
to say it but even tech to or something
might be an adequate option for us in a
situation like this I'm so like nervous
about making sure that I don't take
damage it's probably a good practice to
begin with but like we do have spirit
hearts anything that gets close to us
will not be able to handle the gauntlet
of argue of our administered pain
there's one spirit heart down the drain
for no reason we have two HP so start
playing this joker right here why wait
until the end of the room right that's
just I like to multitask come on
you can see this I don't know if you can
feel it but I can feel it I have like a
sense of there's like how fast you're
going and Isaac and then there's the
derivative of how fast you're going and
Isaac which is how fast is our speed
increasing you know it's our
acceleration our acceleration right now
is zero more or less so we're really
hoping and not stall out here in fact
our acceleration might be negative not
to alarm thee excuse me sir we're gonna
go in here because we need a bomb which
does not exist okay what was the point
of that this basically we need something
we need you to pay out ASAP basically
the emperor card gets us out of boss
rush if we make it to boss rush you know
snag a free item we're kind of like
we're grasping at straws for something
we can use first victory this has taken
spirit arts I think at this point but I
sort of feel like we got to get this
dude to pay out and we're really
throwing it at the wall here we got no
bomb so I guess it's why we bought the
three cent spirit artists so it wouldn't
feel like you know we're throwing away
HP that we already had but that we had
to cling to I should say you know you're
in trouble though when the Forsaken is
like tanky it's possibly the lowest HP
boss we could fight here I know who
you're thinking not the world's safest
dodge you know it's no Dodge Ram
four-door that was like a that was a
Viper sick ok cat-o'-nine-tails is
wonderful we're about on pace which is
bad we want to be a lot faster I think
at least ok please some just a card
could be good and it is but
I'll give you a little bit of the higher
font I'll kick it back there we go
contract from below
we need that item so like desperately
because a deal with the devil is
probably not gonna be what we want
instead we want to deal with the angel
so any deal with the devil items we can
get like for the low low cost of free
our ideal we want to avoid using the
emperor card let me check this message I
think it might be slowing us down here
freakin Skype in this day and age is
like takes 18 gigabytes of visual memory
just to load a freaking the heston
blumenthal gift that's a real gift on
skype go to her emoticon rather go test
it out it's open parenthesis heston
closed parenthesis he does a little
chef's kiss sort of thing give it a try
I get a lot of mileage out of that one
so the Emperor card is still valuable we
I mean we could use a was actually but I
think the Emperor is more valuable
because it's more versatile a was skips
a whole floor of items for us but it
could also get us at a boss rush Emperor
allows us to get the boss potentially
deal with the devil item but can also
get us out of boss rush right now I'm
looking at boss rush it's actually fine
we lost the one red heart as a result
that's not bad at all you see how many
red hearts I gave the demon judgement I
ain't worried about that please don't
shoot again cuz I can't actually offer
anything oh I thought we were gonna be
good okay now we got two bombs no keys
with two bombs
I on this what a strange way to express
that what a strange way to expression
I smell the puzzle on this one though
you know I got it I got a sniff of the
puzzle that's a better way to describe
it and we got the pieces in the proper
we got all the corners look I've never
been really good at puzzles okay I'm a
crossword guy I guess it is called a
crossword puzzle never been much of a a
a visual learner to be honest with you
there we go double keys that's contract
from below coming through in the clutch
that I step on so now I'm just blinking
because of our weird synergies virus is
very good especially if we can get our
luck stat higher I do hate that it
lowers our speed but you know that's in
2017 Isaac that's just what happens
every good item lowers your speed
because apparently that's the design
philosophy that all the balance changes
went through that's not necessarily fair
they might have lowered your speed for a
long time and I'd only recently noticed
because of the HUD but still irritates
me a little bit cuz speed is just like a
it's like clean drinking water you know
it's it's not like if you have clean
drinking water you're set but if you
don't have clean drinking water
you're screwed your runs not getting
overpowered because of speed but it can
completely ruin your run to just get
like hit with negative speed or very
little speed at all times
dangerously close to falling behind
paceful we're falling behind pace for
boss rush that's actually non critical
for us you know we could miss boss rush
and make hush happens all the time
probably
don't want the red hard yet because
we're is it's non-essential like we're
still I mean little chats not a great
pickup admittedly but we don't need we
don't need the red hard it's actually
gonna stop us from getting into things
like that boss Trap room which I'm
tempted to do except our key stat is
still pretty garbage okay angel let's go
we will grab little Chad we will
absolutely grab a holy mantle so
defensively much better position now
offensively it pretty good
the biggest problem with our offense
right now is our range but even that is
not too too bad right now we can't get
two key pieces here I think we can only
get the ones so just run from that now
we've got a better chance of getting
deals with the angel in the future very
nice now I will say if we get both key
pieces screw the hush fight we can make
the hush fight happen on any old you
know brimstone mom's knife run mega
Satan is a much bigger threat in terms
of like existentially making me want to
stop playing the game because will take
a hundred years to try to just find the
proper conditions to make it happen so
we absolutely want to commit to that if
possible No thank you sir yeah well it
will check this as well again not
necessarily swimming in time but oh we
should be using holy okay iciar iciar
play we should be using holy mantle
basically on every room to inflict
enemies with the virus and get demon
hearts out of it if we get the demon
hearts we can use the demon arts to
clear rooms faster and generate more
demon hearts in the process I'm not sure
how that's gonna work with a pretty
god-awful luck stat but should at least
try
double Keys still got enough bombs if
we're able to get a deal with the angel
on this floor so that's pretty much what
you're hoping for is that exact
situation right there
you walk into two enemies they both give
you a demon heart now it does mean that
essentially we're kind of playing
without having holy mantle just you know
immediately throwing it away on every
room but I think it's like highly worth
it okay 15 minutes so boss rush I would
say just kiss it goodbye not like a you
know particularly passionate kiss just
like a see you later see you next run
your existence is non-essential for us
at the present moment so that was
actually very useful for us it proved to
us that we can inflict an enemy with the
virus not kill it while it's poison and
still give the demon heart out of it
which is a nuance of this kind of
synergy I often times forget we
essentially have an extremely
overpowered combo right now we even have
like a 20% chance to get a demon hard
I'm not gonna crunch the numbers but you
know you can imagine a graph of how our
power can grow in your head maybe I
don't know now if we can get like blind
rage this blind rage make holy mantle
the the invincibility from holy mantle
lats let me rephrase the way I'm trying
to explain this with blind rage whenever
you get hit you get a longer cool down
before you can get hit again does this
work with holy mantle so if we get hit
we'd have even longer to inflict more
enemies with our afflict more enemies I
should say with our poison because
they're so it's like pretty solid dude
like getting three enemies per room is
excellent the other thing is if we
already have lost holy mantle and we'd
run into an enemy regardless it's gonna
kill all the other enemies in the room
yeah like like that but I shouldn't have
done that that was just that was an
exercise in what not to do so we've got
like an accountants run right now you
know this is the run we're like we've
inherited a lot of wealth and we're just
letting it sit in an index fund
generating 10% a year annually well I
mean let's be honest like five okay
pretty good rates not particularly
exciting but you know the numbers work
out what we would like to do is get you
know have that money generating money
for us but then also found like the
world's greatest milkshake start-up or
something that way we can have the
exciting world of competitive milkshake
marketing and also the the the security
and comfort blanket of a passive
investment strategy which I know is why
you watching these videos in the first
place
SiC we do want those bombs excuse me sir
we do want those bombs cuz we got
scatter bombs now and scatter bombs holy
mantle could be awesome that was just
horrible by the way please
sixty two point five percent chance of a
deal with the angel very valuable right
now we've done it so this I mean the
shot speed upgrade probably garbage the
card card against humanity it's just
money you can't take it with you Dead
Sea Scrolls also I mean pretty terrible
but we don't have anything else so we
can actually use our bombs offensively
like hey bombs you stink
the most offensive insult I can think of
I have to be honest like are our dps
output still pretty much horrible it was
just dusted you generate enough spirit
arts and explore to not don't worry
about any of this garbage second key
piece dropped a demon heart
grab that down to the next floor okay so
the emperor card I think we now approach
that as if it's like a it's a Sheol play
although we could use it here that's
horrible okay so there goes our emperor
card
it's a Sheol play ran a pram been around
it's a getting it's a Sheol play sing it
with me if you know it right okay now
now we can take deals with the devil by
the way so like this would be a great
floor can I ask you something why do we
have a 105 chance of 105 percent chance
of getting a deal with the devil right
now is my math checking out there is it
a Sheol so little baggie is actually
horrendous not only do we lose our
ability to not only do we lose our
ability to do a emperor card usage like
we're definitely not gonna make boss
rush i think hush is now in question but
to be honest with you i want to fight
hush with this stat line right now
I want to fight hush with with some more
power perhaps like unlimited power as
sheev Palpatine said I'm such a nerd I
know he knows things about Star Wars the
80 billion dollar franchise please
please thank you excuse me sir
I have received an important message one
moment please this is highly
unprofessional but I must check it
regardless disregard not highly
important at all and I don't know how
many times I got on this tangent if I
get a text message there's two things
that you'd say there's three things love
you can you pick up X from the grocery
store or oh my god there's been a
terrible accident I'm not saying I want
texts that say there's been a terrible
accident just saying you know it's
important it's got to be it's got to be
information that's passed on if I get a
telephone call and I'm not arrested
that's like I will not accept your
telephone call what I will do is wait
until the call goes to voicemail and
then I'll Google the number and see you
know what other paranoid 80 year olds
like myself have said it it makes me sad
sometimes cause like I get these calls
and then I google the number and they're
like it's a scam they tried to tell me
that you know my car was impounded but
I'm like dude your car was impounded I
blocked enough while they were three so
we have there's a service in British
Columbia let me put it this way despite
the fact that we you know in Canada are
renowned for having quote unquote free
health care in British Columbia there's
a service where essentially you have if
you your income is over a certain
threshold you have to pay into their
insurance system in order to continue to
get free health care it's not a lot of
money the pales in comparison to like
the premiums for health insurance outs
where in the world but still you're
gonna say that's BS
sure maybe it is maybe it isn't that
doesn't matter um I got a call from them
but I didn't answer it I googled it and
I saw a comment from somebody that said
like it was people asking me to pay my
health insurance why won't you just let
me die in peace and I was like that's a
saddest story ever told there I mean to
be fair I mean I guess since if you got
a health problem and you got people
calling you going like hey make sure you
give us your 70 bucks this month so you
can keep having health insurance and
you're you know in a bad state I could
see that that would be a problem but the
fact that they left that comment
publicly was just like funny in a dark
way of course but also just like
horrendously depressing the jar not
worth it
placebo potentially absolutely worth it
Wow we got to donate one cent pretty bad
like placebo pheromones is okay
placebo helped down is good actually if
we get deals with the devil
otherwise it's worthless but that's
still okay how great question you know
we should blow these up because they
could give us pills if they give us
pills we can use them look with placebo
to maybe get something amazing like what
kind of pill would we want cheese I
don't know range upgrades have to
imagine if they existed we probably had
a good chance to have seen them already
but still bad trip it's not that bad
to find out that it exists not that bad
so if there's a merciful God on planet
earth they will give me a spirit heart
as that a spirit heart sorry they will
give me a damage upgrade via a deal with
the devil here again the hush fight is
gone like Tuesday in that song by Led
Zeppelin mega Satan still exists but
even with full HP that mega satan fight
is gonna be a slog with this level of
damage you can't even really benefit
from the tears upgrade deal with the
angel let's take the negative seven
seals it's an angel and a devil item I
did not know that so I stuck with the
tears upgrade as placebo or with placebo
I should say because I think it's it's
just the right call isn't it we're
probably at the tear cap already but if
we're not well loved having the ability
to get some extra charges or some extra
rate of fire increases like I don't know
if the number one just takes you to the
tear cap or if it improves your tears by
X or if it lowers your to your cap and
improves your tears by X where you know
X is a value that I'm not familiar with
kind of flying by the seat of my pants
as always we got a try though it's not
like health downs doing anything for us
yeah so at present it doesn't do
anything it might might later again we
have a one hundred and five percent
chance of a deal with the devil or deal
with anything
but our dps leaves like a lot to be
desired
another tears up so useless at present
help them so that's a pill we probably
should have placebo instead extra devil
chance please yeah yeah okay I'll take
that I don't know how to think about
this though cuz we have a 40% chance of
a deal with the devil and a 70% chance
of a deal with the angel so I'm pretty
sure we have a one-third chance of a
deal with the devil still we have like a
40 out of 120 percent roughly but it's
not the way we tend to think about
percentages on planet Earth so I'm
actually not sure this can't dude so
you're gonna be like that feed your cat
the cat is fed might be a little
attention hungry right now but I can't
let him in because you just whenever I
let him any jumps on the computer
Roka you know I'm gonna let him in as
well as the other thing to thine own
self be true as soon as we finish this
room I'm gonna open the door and go hey
buddy he's gonna jump on the computer
and I'm gonna go no you can't do that
that's a bad cat would you like to get
in your box
he's like oh hell yeah but he doesn't
want to get in the box he wants to he's
gonna bite me on the hands
bombs are key not relevant tears up
still not relevant please more bombs I
could use them health up is worth
holding do we need a health up and a
health down no probably not and health
up is much more versatile
or at least much more universally good
oh my god cat what are you doing you
know what it is so like I was sick three
weeks ago because I'm a slob I still had
like the little plastic wrapper that
goes around the cap of nyquil you know
the little you tear it off and then you
can open the cap you waited until I was
in the shower then he tried to take that
but I heard it I cuz I left the door
open I heard I was like what's this guy
doing I hop out of the shower he's
trying to eat the plastic wrap and now
he's going where's the plastic wrap I
threw it out you dummy you do it to
yourself
you do and that's what really hurts you
do it to you see I mean he doesn't think
this guy doesn't listen to Radiohead
he's a Kassabian fan cat Sabian it's
like the worst best dodge I've ever done
so again what's what's our game plan if
we can fight hush will I at this point
honestly no and stop asking me why won't
you let me just die in peace
you know what health up bad trip yeah
yeah yeah
then we stack up as many health upgrades
as we can and every four rooms we can
get the full HP
we're in a very very good spot
I would reroll my whole run it doesn't
reroll the key pieces I think so stop
I like the luck upgrade it's a little
too little too late but we don't have
mega satan done on this night okay that
was gonna be a little cheese i don't
have to be a little cheese dude I gotta
be honest with you is that the grocery
store you gotta roll with it
I was at the grocery store yesterday I
bought string cheese I know what you're
thinking string cheese is a food for
children why it's just cheese I'm not
eating string cheese because it's fun
I'm eating the string cheese because
it's convenient I haven't eaten any of
them yet I had real talk when I lived in
Korea occasionally I would get string
cheese as like a snack from the
convenience store because I was very for
it but I I'm bringing back string cheese
I think it already is like somewhat back
I know Barre tab he talks about string
cheese from time to time relatively
healthy conveniently packaged snack that
is on fairly relegated to children
because it seems like a toy food but
I'll buy some good cheese's
I got nothing wrong with that you know
I'll buy some oka I'll buy some smoked
gouda I understand that many of you out
there but this North American thinks he
knows about fromage know you know okay
I'll admit North America hasn't always
had the greatest cheese culture unlike
North American beer culture where when
people write it off I think they're just
completely ignoring the fact that the
micro brewery scene exists
you're probably right the North American
cheese market probably not quite as wait
a minute how do we not get a deal with
devil on the last footage I just miss it
the North American cheese market
probably a little bit dampened compared
to the European market I mean you do
encounter people here from time to time
we can get like unlimited HP so I say
that sort of thing we should just go for
like this and make sure you go down
where it's bleep yeah make sure you go
downwards not that it matters because we
can't get both accomplished but in order
to find mega saving we have to go down
you do get people who are like
mozzarella that's I said it wrong but
it's better that way mozzarella no
thanks I don't like ethnic food you know
like that does happen from time to time
I'm not gonna deny it not commonly he
also good people here then you know in a
certain tax bracket
have you had the gorgonzola from the oka
region of French Canada this year it's
quite wonderful you get all kinds what
I'm trying to say
rokka rokka what's your favorite kind of
cheese buddy can't have any really did
you know cats aren't supposed to drink
milk it sounds like I have a story about
that but no is it I was told by cartoons
that cats love milk that may well be
true but they're not supposed to have it
I've never fed the cat's milk just cuz
like just kind of no no impetus I don't
buy milk myself to begin with not
because of like a particular situation
at the berry guild I'm just saying we
represent but their email guild but
every email Gil I am gonna take that cat
so I first off your boys are moron and
you should know this already why would I
ever take all those health ups before
taking nine lives the real answer is
that were 48 minutes into this video
your boy's brain is exhausted okay so
we're all we have the right strategy or
to it we've got a couple of intersecting
levels of idiocy hey cat I love you
you're my best friend can you not be
next to my
during hockey because I don't want to
compromise our congenial relationship so
wait first off what's like the biggest
stupid thing I've been doing well taking
all those health upgrade pills at the
wrong time but for real we should use
our our Guppies head right when the
rooms about to finish so we can enjoy
the stat bonus for longer and I got rid
of placebo because we already you know
I've gotten so many HP upgrades out of
it even if I did ruin almost all of them
ok that was strange CAD you done you
pushed my microphone away no no you
can't do that
hey kitty
leave that tech alone be cool be cool be
cool drop it
I think there was an explosion from a
fly explosion from a fly my favorite
post rock band as well and it knocked
all of the bombs away the cat just moved
the microphone but I can't nothing I
could do about it at the present moment
excuse me sir stop doing that please I'm
a professional I'd say this is a thing
he comes in here
I understand can't psychology he's not
coming in here thinking I'm gonna bite
this dude's hands but he spends a little
time in here and he goes why isn't he
petting me
and he bites my hands it just is like a
compulsion he can't resist my spirit
hearts I guess so 10 out of 10 apart
from that we're basically just good
you're gonna say no NL you gotta you
gotta go fight the negative ugh first no
we already tried that like two runs ago
can't be done you can't you can't knock
out both in one run
maybe you can't if you victory lap
actually but your dude is not gonna do
that because you know it's gonna be an
85 minute long video and we're gonna
have to victory lap anyway again at some
point
you got to do three victory laps or
something I'd rather save the victory
lap for like a run that's actually
powerful instead of this run which is
just like good enough
Ruka and you can't possibly understand
what I'm about to say to you but you
don't have to pet yourself using my hand
if you literally give me like two
minutes I'll give you the pet of a
lifetime buddy and you won't want it buy
them which is the there's something you
know sad but also poetic about that
you'll be like nah just let me sleep he
does I'll do right pets and exactly the
wrong times so I'm not using Guppies
head because I feel like the stat bonus
is probably more valuable right now we
really lucked out with the guppy
transformation we're it not for the
guppy transformation will harbinger come
on dude we're an odd for the guppy
transformation our DPS would be pretty
bad and I'm not sure number one would be
like fully justified existing but
instead it's actually like what's pretty
great me still a bad trip in case we
take too much damage but this it's not
gonna happen
in fact I'm probably just gonna tank
these remaining shots you are stepping
actually directly onto my testicles all
I see you jumping on that computer my
friend I see you getting ready to jump
on that computer you go you escape this
room problem solved long baby
what an incredible unlock either way
thanks for watching hope you enjoy the
episode of you dickly the like button
upside a great deal of course its grab
you some more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time